Class, Methods, Objects questions 

1. Write a Java program to create a class called "Person" with a name and age attribute. 
   Create two instances of the "Person" class, set their attributes using the constructor, and print their name and age.
2. Write a Java program to create a class called "Dog" with a name and breed attribute. Create two instances of the "Dog" class,
   set their attributes using the constructor and modify the attributes using the setter methods and print the updated values.
3. Write a Java program to create a class called "Rectangle" with width and height attributes. 		
   Calculate the area and perimeter of the rectangle.
4. Write a Java program to create a class called "Circle" with a radius attribute. 
   You can access and modify this attribute. Calculate the area and circumference of the circle.
5. Write a Java program to create a class called "Employee" with a name, job title, and salary attributes, 
   and methods to calculate and update salary.
6.create different variables and access it within the class using objects.
7.Write a method to compare two objects of a class and return true or false.
8.Create a vehicle interface with some methods.
9.Design a class with private attributes and provide public methods to access and modify those attributes. Practice encapsulation principles.
10.Create a class with multiple constructors. Experiment with different parameter types and numbers.
11.Use static variables and methods in a class. Understand the difference between static and instance members.
12.create methods using overloading and overriding in vehicle class.
13.Create calculator class and methods inside the inner-class.
14.create a static class , method and variable.
15.Create a fruits class using enum.
16.Write a Java program to create an interface Shape with the getArea() method. 
   Create three classes Rectangle, Circle, and Triangle that implement the Shape interface. 
   Implement the getArea() method for each of the three classes.
17.Write a Java program to create a class called BankAccount with private instance variables accountNumber and balance. 
   Provide public getter and setter methods to access and modify these variables.
18. Write a Java program to create a class called Employee with private instance variables employee_id, employee_name, and employee_salary. 
   Provide public getter and setter methods to access and modify the id and name variables, 
   but provide a getter method for the salary variable that returns a formatted string.